README.md, before:

# Tech Challenge!
This is a job interview tech challenge

## The challenge itself
Inside the challenge_docs folder the excesice can be found reading the README file.

## How to start the project?
First, go inside challenge_docs folder and follow the README, to get an instance of the backend api running (shoould run in port 3000).
After that go back to this root directory and run 'npm install' and then 'npm run start', this should automatically initialize the app in port 3001 and open your default browser there.

__________________________________________________________________________________________________

For more context, this app tempalte was an original create of create-react-app. Here's some basic information about it:


# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Final commit before deadline: Added a few test cases and updated README

README.md, after:

# Tech Challenge!
This is a job interview tech challenge

## The challenge itself
Inside the challenge_docs folder the excesice can be found reading the README file.

## How to start the project?
First, go inside challenge_docs folder and follow the README, to get an instance of the backend api running (shoould run in port 3000).
After that go back to this root directory and run 'npm install' and then 'npm run start', this should automatically initialize the app in port 3001 and open your default browser there.

## Testing?
With 'npm run test', jest test suites can be run. Sadly I could not develop as many test cases as I would have liked to...

__________________________________________________________________________________________________

For more context, this app tempalte was an original create of create-react-app. Here's some basic information about it:


# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
